If you're working on a collaborative project,
you can invite team members as collaborators.
When you add a collaborator,
they will receive an email invitation.
And once they accept it,
they will gain editing access to the course.
Keep in mind that tourists will not allow
multiple users to edit the same page concurrently.
A user editing a page must leave that page before any
other project collaborators can begin to edit the same page.
Remember to communicate and coordinate with your collaborators.
Once you have developed your course,
you will likely want to deliver it to students.
In tour,
this is done by creating course sections from the project you author.
Students can then enroll in a course section to take the course.
The publishing visibility setting controls who will be
able to create co sections from your project.
Under the default setting,
project authors,
only you and your collaborators will be able
to use your project to create core sections.
Open
will allow any instructor to create a course section from your project.
Restricted allows you to grant permission
to specific offering accounts or institutions.
Once you set the basic details,
you can continue with developing your course.
You can return to adjust any overview settings at any time.
To learn more about other available settings,
you can check out discussion notes,
surveys and transfer payment codes.